


[2021 Feb 28 Sun 10:05pm] To keep my website skills fresh and to keep up with the lingo of python, this basic website is created. For know, I following the Codecademy cheatsheets and adding examples where fit. In the future, information from LinkedIn and other sources will be added. Currently, I sure how far I want to take this. Right now, I am copying the format from the first cheatsheet I did with HTML and CSS. Although I have started a repository for this project thru git; I am going to (attempted) to write all updates and changes here, so if this is dropped for some time and I come back to it, I know what work was and was not done.
	
	[10:21pm] 	"Added two files: index.html and style.css. Dont not know why I did not initially include a css file. As for the index.html; the idea is to create a homepage that connects all the lessons together." 	
	"Added the basic webpage structure to hello_world.html; including a title and a h1 heading." 


[2021 March 3 Wed 11:24pm] Updated the hello_world webpage. Created the table; added the table heading, constricted the basic bones of the table. Entered the names each row. Completed the 'Comments' section. Added classes to each section. 


[2021 March 4 Thur 4:57pm] Added content for theses sections: Arithmetic Operators, Plus-Equal Operators, and Variables. Added  classes for all name, description and example headings. Added a key for the short handed class names. 

[2021 March 8 Mon 8:30pm] Finished adding content to the webpage: Modulo, Intergers, Float Point, SyntaxError, NameError, ZeroDivision Error, Print Function, Strings, String Contenation sections have been completed filled. Moved Variables to the top, place Strings and String Contenation together, place all errors sections together, place Intergers and Float Point together. 

Next time, start formating. Position the heading and text to make more appealing, change the font face, change size and add a background color. 


[2021 March 9 Tues 6:58pm] Start adding style to the hello_world. Added a background color, a font family, colors to the table, alter the size of text, change the alignment of h1. Also altered the class name of some the elements inorder to simplied the process of styling the webpage. 

Next time we will mess with the margin and padding of the table.

[2021 March 13 Sat 4:12pm] 

Hello_World
	Added padding to the examples column. Increase the font size of the table. 
	
	Next time: find out how to remove white space from the description column. 
	
Control_Flow
	Created a webpage called control_flow
	
	Copied and pasted the format from hello_world to control_flow. 

[2021 March 18 Thurs 8:41pm]

Today is to place examples for control flow webpage and connect it to the helloworld page.

	Control Flow
		Added examples three sections: elif statement, or statement, and handling exceptions.


[2021 March 23 Tues 10:11pm]

	Added links to the current web pages ( lists, hello world, current flow).
	
	Added a section in style for lists web page
	
	Removed python 3 from head of hello world and control flow web pages
	
	Control Flow	
		Added examples to the rest of the sections: or operations, not operations, equal operations, not equal operations, comparative operators, if statements, else statement, and operators, Bool expressions.
		
		Rearranged the sections 
		
		Updated the color scheme
		
	Hello_World
		Updated legend 
		
	Lists
		Copied and pasted web format from hello world to lists page
		
		Changed the head and h1 to Lists
		
	
[2021 March 27 Sat 6:46pm]

[2021 March 30 Tues 6:11pm]
	Lists	
		Updated class names, keyword and the description for all sections.
		Earased the previous examples 
		Removed unneeded content

[2021 April 3 Sat 4:53pm]
HERE'S A THOUGHT

	Examples
		we are going to remove the examples from the current tables and not include them in the upcomming tables. I know; alot of work went into including the examples but here me out: nice chunk of the examples are pulled from the codecademy website (as with some of the descripitions). It does me no good to copy and paste content from codecademy (well I type it up but yeah). 1st: I am confindent in saying this is copying right infridgement; I will give codecademy all the acknowledge they deserved but the content needs to be in my own words. 2nd: Benefits me more to create original examples; think about the content in which the examples are based on and an excused to flex those creative muscles.
	
	Finish webpages
		We are going to continue on with the web page for each topic. Before we fool around with examples or any fancy interactive feature; all the webpages will be completed (keyword and descripition) and linked with one another.
		
	Homepage
		Don't know if it is neccessary but homepage will be implemented. What the content of the page is, havenot gotten that far. 
		
	Interactivity 
		Touch on this in the examples section; developed the site to become more dynamic by including quizzes,exersices, maybe even some sort of interactive story.









